week 4 november, 2024:
Sound Overlap:
Problem Statement: If multiple vials are picked from the compartments at the same time, during the place-back alert, the place-back sounds overlap, resulting in a chaotic message.
Solution: Sounds are queued. Any new sound will wait for the previous one to finish before playing.

Power Hang Issue:
Problem Statement: When the device power reduces to near zero percent, the device enters a coma state, hanging until the battery drains completely.
Solution 1: Battery percentage values are fixed at lower bound.
Solution 2: A battery check is applied at startup. When the device turns on, it first checks the battery. If the battery is below 5%, the device automatically turns off after playing a critically low battery sound followed by the turn-off sound.

Handshake:
Problem Statement: The device is not synced with the app screen. The Wi-Fi connected sound plays much before the confirmation appears on the screen.
Solution: The device will wait for a handshake signal from the app before playing the sound.

Static Light on Full Charge:
Problem Statement: The battery indicator continues to blink indefinitely while charging, regardless of the battery percentage.
Solution: The battery percentage is monitored repeatedly. If, while charging, it reaches 97%, the blinking stops, and the battery continues to charge until it reaches 100%.


week 1 december, 2024:

Device offline during OTA issue:
Solved at server end by suppressing the disconnection log during config.

Variable Window Size:
Problem Statement: Medicine Active window is fixed to 10 minutes which is supposed to be variable
Solution: Added functionality at firmware and server level to modify the window size.

Mute Functionality:
Problem Statement: Some of the times user does not want the pillbox to give alarm, like if he is travelling.
Solution: Added corresponding functionality at server and firmware level to achieve the same.

Battery uneven blinking:
Problem Statement: Battery led lags after every 4-5 blinks
Solution: Modification in blinking code

Sound control:
Problem Statement: Sound volume default to full, no change option provided
Solution: Added sound volume control.